README.md, before:

# Kyrin-Express
An (purposefully) opinionated node framework powered by express 4.x and typescript. 

Kyrin enables:
  - Centralized YML based configuration for node applications.
  - Structured express set up.
  - Kyrin container, gives access to all application services and mongoose models defined.
  - Automatic initialization of express middleware.
  - Automatic loading of routes by simple declarations.
  - Typescript support in Node enabling easier maintenance, support for latest standards, code portability and type checks!
  - Automatic loading of models from schema directory, available directly in the container.
  - Support for multiple connections.
  - JSON based logging that can be routed directly to systems like logstash for insights.
  - Migration support for MongoDB. (Native console in development)

> The framework is still in development, and uses ejs templates for views (for now), you can freely suggest and contribute to the code, or you can send an [email] or tweet me [@ravisemwal_].


### What powers Kyrin

Kyrin-Express uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

* [TypeScript] - State of the art JavaScript
* [node.js] - Evented I/O for the backend
* [Express] - Fast node.js network app framework

### Installation

Kyrin-Express requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v6+ to run.

Install the dependencies, devDependencies, compile typescript and start the server.

```sh
$ cd kyrin-express
$ npm install -g typescript
$ npm install
$ npm run build
$ npm start
```
You may want to run kyrin in verbose mode during development for more in depth stats

```sh
$ npm run verbose
```

### Bundled Middlewares

Kyrin-Express bundles these open source middlwares with it along with their types(@types).

* helmet
* express-session
* body-parser
* mongoose
* js-yaml
* passport
* serve-favicon
* socket.io
* ejs
* bunyan
* bunyan-middleware

### Todos
 - Performance optimizations
 - Improvements for the migration sub system.

License
----
This program is licensed under MIT license.


[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)


   [email]: <mailto:ravisemwal@outlook.com>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/nodejs/node>
   [TypeScript]: <https://www.typescriptlang.org/>
   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>

   [express]: <http://expressjs.com>

   [@ravisemwal_]: <https://twitter.com/ravisemwal_>

Commit message:

Updated readme with latest changes.

README.md, after:

# Kyrin-Express
An (purposefully) opinionated node framework powered by express 4.x and typescript. 

Kyrin enables:
  - Centralized YML based configuration for node applications.
  - Structured express set up.
  - Kyrin container, gives access to all application services and mongoose models defined.
  - Automatic initialization of express middleware.
  - Automatic loading of routes by simple declarations.
  - Typescript support in Node enabling easier maintenance, support for latest standards, code portability and type checks!
  - Automatic loading of models from schema directory, available directly in the container.
  - Support for multiple connections.
  - JSON based logging that can be routed directly to systems like logstash for insights.
  - Migration support for MongoDB. (Native console in development)

> The framework is still in development, and uses ejs templates for views (for now), you can freely suggest and contribute to the code, or you can send an [email] or tweet me [@ravisemwal_].


### What powers Kyrin

Kyrin-Express uses a number of open source projects to work properly:

* [TypeScript] - State of the art JavaScript
* [node.js] - Evented I/O for the backend
* [Express] - Fast node.js network app framework

### Installation

Kyrin-Express requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v6+ to run.

Install the dependencies, devDependencies, compile typescript and start the server.

```sh
$ cd kyrin-express
$ npm install -g typescript
$ npm install
$ npm run build
$ npm start
```
### Developing With Kyrin-Express
You may want to run kyrin in verbose mode during development for more in depth stats

```sh
$ npm run verbose
```
Kyrin app can be packaged into distribution containing only javascript files easily, without development environment files.

```sh
$ npm run package
```

Kyrin app can be packaged into distribution containing only javascript files easily, without development environment files.

```sh
$ npm run package
```
A console is now accessible that can allow access to migration subsystem, you can use it using

```sh
$ node kyrin/console
```
To view the logs in the console, install bunyan globally. Below example shows accessing development logs stored by default.

```sh
$ npm install -g bunyan
$ bunyan -c var/log/dev/app.log
```
### Bundled Middlewares

Kyrin-Express bundles these open source middlwares with it along with their types(@types).

* helmet
* express-session
* body-parser
* mongoose
* js-yaml
* passport
* serve-favicon
* socket.io
* ejs
* bunyan
* bunyan-middleware

### Todos
 - Improvements for the migration sub system.
 - Documentation for framework.

License
----
This program is licensed under MIT license.


[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)


   [email]: <mailto:ravisemwal@outlook.com>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/nodejs/node>
   [TypeScript]: <https://www.typescriptlang.org/>
   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>

   [express]: <http://expressjs.com>

   [@ravisemwal_]: <https://twitter.com/ravisemwal_>
